{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 Since 1952, 
\f3\i Sight and Sound
\f2\i0  (SaS)\'97a publication nested within the British Film Institute (BFI)\'97has conducted a decennial poll asking critics, programmers, curators, archivists, academics, and other industry professionals to each select ten great films. These selections are then tallied, and a list of the \'91greatest\'92 films is compiled. Per BFI, this list is the \'93major bellwether\'94 of critical opinion on cinema; the 2022 (and eighth) edition of the list, with 1,639 voters, is also the largest ever. 
\f1 \

\f2 Lists are weird cultural objects, but the BFI\'92s \'93Greatest Films of All Time\'94 does form a loose and informal \'91canon\'92 that\'92s treated with, I believe, both reverence and suspicion. Transforming the list into a dataset offers researchers\'97primarily in digital humanities, film studies, and cultural studies\'97a valuable reference point for what film workers, in the years 2012-2022, thought to be valuable. 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b \cf2 \'a0
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Preproduction
\f2\b0  
\f5 \uc0\u55357 \u56541 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 My dataset\'92s scaffolding has already been established by a GitHub user. I\'92ve extracted data from this user\'92s work that will be most valuable to my project. I\'92m excluding some variables from my new dataset that were originally collected (e.g. Director Ratings, Voter Profiles) that are fantastic and could be valuable to different types of analysis. To find a link to this user\'92s work, please see this project\'92s README.
\f1 \

\f2 Note: In the preexisting dataset, there are far more observations than in my modified list, as even films with a single vote in SaS\'92s database have been captured by the Python program the user wrote. My dataset only focuses on the list of films that SaS has published and presented to users on their website. 
\f1 \

\f2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Production
\f2\b0  
\f5 \uc0\u55356 \u57260 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 For enrichments, I\'92ve relied on IMDb, which compiles vast amounts of information about films from various sources, including credits, pressers, biographies, interviews, and user contributions. Though IMDb data goes through consistency checks, it\'92s impossible to validate every piece of metadata attached to a film or director. In moments of doubt, I\'92ve supplemented my research using Wikipedia. 
\f1 \

\f2 \'91Genre\'92 as defined by IMDb isn\'92t coming from an assigned authority; users submit genre tags based on guideline documentation, and these contributions are either approved or rejected by IMDb. Though this can feel like a limitation, understanding \'91genre\'92 as user-tagged metadata can add some nuance to analysis and potentially encourage future research of IMDb\'92s system.\'a0\'a0 
\f1 \

\f2 I\'92ve opted to track \'91place of birth,\'92 which denotes where the director was born (via Wikipedia), instead of \'91nationality.\'92 To me, this avoids the thorny questions of citizenship.
\f1 \

\f2 \'a0
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Release 
\f5\b0 \uc0\u55357 \u56573 \u65039 
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf2 I\'92ve enriched this dataset with variables that may have interesting long-term value: genre, user_review, and rating, which are all extracted from IMDb user-generated content. They reflect, in rough-and-ready shorthand, how a film is seen (or not seen) outside of the critical milieu that SaS\'92s poll purports to represent. A future researcher may want to revisit these data in 2025 or 2032 to see if SaS\'92s list has affected any shift in public perceptions or engagement. I hope this also serves as encouragment for other types of data collection that could further enhance this list and its potential in quantitative analysis. 
\f1 \
}